Update terraform doc with new resources in v0.4 (#21189)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/terraform-use-dedicated-network-container-resource.md

    }
    ```

2. Generate the new configuration file.

Generate the new configuration file for the new dedicated vpc peering resource according to the import block:

  ```shell
  terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
  ```

Do not specify an existing `.tf` file name in the preceding command. Otherwise, Terraform will return an error.

Then the `generated.tf` file is created in the current directory, which contains the configuration of the imported resource.

3. Review and apply the generated configuration.

Review the generated configuration file to ensure it meets your needs. Optionally, you can move the contents of this file to your preferred location.

Then, run `terraform apply` to import your infrastructure. After applying, the example output is as follows: 

  ```shell
  tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container.example: Importing... [id=10423692645683000000,example]
  tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container.example: Import complete [id=10423692645683000000,example]

  Apply complete! Resources: 1 imported, 0 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
  ```

Now you can manage the imported dedicated network container with Terraform.

## Delete a Dedicated network container

> To delete a Dedicated cluster, you can delete the configuration of the `tidbcloud_dedicated_cluster` resource, then use the `terraform apply` command to destroy the resource. However, you must ensure that the status of the dedicated network container is not `ACTIVE`. If it is `ACTIVE`, you cannot delete it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To delete a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster, you can delete the configuration of the `tidbcloud_dedicated_cluster` resource, and then use the `terraform apply` command to destroy the resource. However, ensure that the status of the dedicated network container is NOT `ACTIVE`. If it is `ACTIVE`, you cannot delete it.

```

---
title: Use TiDB Cloud Dedicated Network Container Resource
summary: Learn how to use the TiDB Cloud Dedicated network container resource to create and modify a TiDB Cloud Dedicated network container.
---

# Use TiDB Cloud Dedicated Network Container Resource

> This document introduces how to manage a TiDB Cloud Dedicated network container using the `tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document introduces how to manage a [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) network container using the `tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container` resource.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: What is network container and why users need it? It is not explained in other TiDB Cloud docs. It will be user friendly to add a short introduction in this doc?

    ```shell
    $ terraform apply

    Terraform used the selected providers to generate the following execution plan. Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
      + create

    Terraform will perform the following actions:

        # tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container.example will be created
        + resource "tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container" "example" {
            + cidr_notation        = "172.16.16.0/21"
            + cloud_provider       = (known after apply)
            + labels               = (known after apply)
            + network_container_id = (known after apply)
            + project_id           = "1372813089454543324"
            + region_display_name  = (known after apply)
            + region_id            = "aws-ap-northeast-2"
            + state                = (known after apply)
            + vpc_id               = (known after apply)
        }

    Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.

    Do you want to perform these actions?
        Terraform will perform the actions described above.
        Only 'yes' will be accepted to approve.

        Enter a value:
    ```

>    In the preceding result, Terraform generates an execution plan for you, which describes the actions Terraform will take:
> 
>    - You can check the difference between the configurations and the states.
>    - You can also see the results of this `apply`. It will add a new resource, and no resource will be changed or destroyed.
>    - The `known after apply` shows that you will get the value after `apply`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the preceding result, Terraform generates an execution plan for you, which describes the actions Terraform will take:

    - You can check the differences between the configurations and the states.
    - You can also see the results of this `apply`. It will add a new resource, and no resource will be changed or destroyed.
    - The `known after apply` shows that you will get the value after `apply`.
```

4. If everything in your plan looks fine, type `yes` to continue:

    ```shell
    Do you want to perform these actions?
      Terraform will perform the actions described above.
      Only 'yes' will be accepted to approve.

      Enter a value: yes

    tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container.example: Creating...
    tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container.example: Creation complete after 4s
    ```

>     The status of the resource will remain `INACTIVE` until you create a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster in the region of the dedicated network container. Then, the status will change to `ACTIVE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The status of the resource will remain `INACTIVE` until you create a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster in the region of the TiDB Cloud Dedicated network container. Then, the status will change to `ACTIVE`.
```

---
title: Use TiDB Cloud Dedicated Network Container Resource
summary: Learn how to use the TiDB Cloud Dedicated network container resource to create and modify a TiDB Cloud Dedicated network container.
---

# Use TiDB Cloud Dedicated Network Container Resource

This document describes how to manage a [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) network container using the `tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container` resource.

> The `tidbcloud_dedicated_network_container` resource allows you to manage a TiDB Cloud Dedicated CIDR block, which is used for creating VPC for TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A network container is a logical networking resource that lets you define and manage a CIDR block (IP address range) for a specific project and region. This CIDR block is used for creating a VPC for TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters and is required before setting up VPC peering in that region.
```

> Before adding VPC Peering requests to a region, you must set a CIDR for that region and create an initial TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster in that region. Once the first Dedicated cluster is created, TiDB Cloud will create the VPC of the cluster, allowing you to establish a peering link to your application's VPC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before adding VPC peering requests to a region, you must first set a CIDR block for that region and create an initial TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster. Once the first cluster is created, TiDB Cloud automatically creates the associated VPC, enabling you to establish a peering connection with your application's VPC.
```
